## 1.1.2 ##
  * add: default encoding setting on setup dialog
  * add: save new document option settings
  * add: undo spport for add marker and set move number
  * chg: improved performance of create branch tree.
  * fix: star positions with rectangular board on export ascii dialog
  * fix: file was opened in new tab when file that has already been opened in mugo open from explorer.

## 1.1.1 ##
  * add: coordinae color on option dialog
  * add: rectangular board size on new document dialog.
  * add: style selector on option dialog.

## 1.1.0 ##
  * add: engine settings on play with computer dialog.
  * add: estimate score.

## 1.0.1 ##
  * add: include comments on print option dialog.
  * chg: allowing only single instance of an application.
  * fix: figure number was incremented even if new page has no figure in print.

## 1.0.0 ##
  * add: print preview dialog.
  * add: header/footer string, font setting on print option dialog.
  * add: export image dialog.
  * chg: set current time to game information when playing with computer.
  * chg: set player name when playing with computer.
  * chg: move number is not displayed on marker.
  * chg: use heavy line to outer frame.
  * chg: set focus to branch tree when active tab is changed or node changed.
  * fix: if engine does not support final\_status\_list, mugo crashed when end game.

## 0.15.0 ##
  * add: context menu for branch view.
  * chg: show new document dialog at file new event.
  * chg: send list\_commands first, and not send level command if game engine does not support level command.
  * chg: use loadsgf command if engine supporting it.
  * fix: active tab was cleared when non-active tab is closed.
  * fix: gnugo moves in background-tab, but put stone to active tab.

## 0.14.8 ##
  * add:continue game for play with computer.
  * fix:shutdown incorrectly when undo delete branch
  * fix:delete only current node did not work.
  * fix:next color was white if add stone(oki-ishi)

## 0.14.7 ##
  * fix: hadicap does not work when playing gnugo.

## 0.14.6 ##
  * add: automatic replay.
  * add: you can undo playing with gnugo.
  * chg: window style is changed from plastique to dotnet on windows.

## 0.14.4 ##
  * add: print branch nodes.
  * chg: window style is changed from plastique to dotnet on windows.

## 0.14.3 ##
  * chg: support sgf that was enhanced by cyber oro's.
  * chg: improved false eye check.

## 0.14.2 ##
  * fix: memory leak.

## 0.14.1 ##
  * chg: filename is generated by date and player name when new file is saved.
  * fix: crashed when repeatedly pass was pushed.

## 0.14.0 ##
  * add: sgf collection support.
  * chg: check false eye when count territory.
  * chg: save selecting codec to default setting.